In your own words, describe what each group of status code represents:

100’s = Informational status code. The header has been recieved. 
200’s =Success code. The request was accepted. 
300’s =Redirection code. The resource requested isnt at the requested destination. 
400’s =Client code. Invalid request the client sent to the server. 
500’s =Server codes. Some problem with the server. 
What is a status code 202? Accepted. The request was valid, but the processing will finish sometime in the future. 
What is a status code 308? Permanent redirect. Use another URL to access the resource as the current is no longer working.
What code would you use if an update didn’t return data to a client? 204 no content. 
What code would you use if a resource used to exist but no longer does?410 gone. 
What is the ‘Forbidden’ status code? 403. The client has authorized, or doesn't need to authorize itself, but still has no permission
to access the server. 

Videos
Build A REST API With Node.js, Express, & MongoDB - Quick - First 20 minutes

Why do we need to pull our MongoDB database string out of our server and put it into our .env?
We will be using somthing thats not our local server when deploying the site. 
What is middleware? Code that runs when the server gets a request but before it gets passed to routes. 
What does app.use(express.json()) do? Allows server to use express.json, accepting it as a body. 
What does the /:id mean in a route? Its a parameter that we can get by typing request.params.
What is the difference between PUT and PATCH? Put revamps the entire resource. Patch, transforms partial data. 
How do you make a default value in a schema? use the default name in the schema, then enter the value. 
What does a 500 error status code mean? Generic code. Server encountered an condition preventing it from fullfilling its request. 
What is the difference between a status 200 and a status 201? 200 the request was recieved and is being processed. 201, the request was successful, 
and the resource was created. 
