The Command Line
  The command line is a text based interface system. It exists in the terminal and can be used in addtion to, or replacement of the 
  GUI. Commands are typed into the command line, and outputs are generated based on what is entered. To get to the command line, you need to open
  the terminal which is opended differently based on which operating sytem you are using. 
  
Basic Navigation
  There are different commands that may be inputed to the command line to navigate the system. 
  PWD(print working directory) tells us the current directory we are working in. 
  Absolute paths denote a location in relation to the root(denoted with a /)
  Relative paths give a location based on our current location in the system and are noted denoted with a (/).
    ~ is a shortcut to the home directory. 
    . is a reference to the current directory. 
    .. is a reference to the parent directory. 
    cd is for change directory and is used to change directories. Running cd without a path returns to the home directory. 
    tab completion completes the action of the intended path, without having to type the full path, by pressing tab after typing a few words of the
      path. 
      
More about files 
  Extensions are a set of 2-4 characters at the hard stop of a file name, telling what kind of file it is. Linux is extentionless, meaning it ignores
  the file extention and looks into the file to see what type of file it is. 
  
  Linux is case sensitive. You may have many files of the same name, with different case varieties. 
  Spaces are valid in the command line as a file path, but need to be used in conjuntion with single or double quotes, or with an escape character, 
  i.e. backslash (\).
  
  Hidden files and directories begin with a full stop (.). Simply name a file, begging with a period(full stop) to make it hidden. 
  
Manual Pages
  Manual pages are a set of pages explaining every command available to be used on the sytem, what they do, how to run them, and what commands they 
  accept. 
    Key word searches help to find a command of whose name you may not know, but know what you want to do. Type the key words and it may help you find 
    command. 
    
File Manipulation
  Organize files in as elegant a way as possible taking care to not dump every file at the base of the main directory. 
  
  mkdir - creates a new directory. 
  rmdir - removes a directory. 
  touch - will create a blank file of that name, if it doesn't exist. 
  cp - copies a file or directory. 
  mv - moves a file or directory
  rm -r - is used to remove files or directories which are not empty. 
    
  
