Psycological Safety

Pycological Safety - A sense of confidence that the team will not embarass, reject, or punish someone for speaking up. 
    - Interpersonal Trust
    - Mutual Respect
    - People can be themselves

Todays read was an interesting article on psycological safety and the makeup of a good team. 

Average social sensitivity - being skilled at intuiting how others feel based on tone of voice, facial expressions, and non verbal clues.

In short, good teams aren't necessarily made up of the smartest and brightest individuals. Good teams are made up of a group that that has "Psycological
Safety". Teams that are built of bright indivduals who aren't exercising a high level of psycological safety tend to not perform well. These are teams
where members value form and structure over interpersonality and emotional intelligence. Teamates may struggle for leadership positions, do away with any
side converation, thats not about the work topic, try and show authority over one another, and criticize one another. These teams also may engage in 
gossip, which is sure to derail any good team. These teams score low on "average social sensitivity".

High performing teams are teams who scored high on "average social sensitivity". These teams gave everyone equal time and opportunity to speak. These 
teams give energy instead of leaving the team members feeling exhausted. Team members are allowed a safe space to open up and be themselves. To let 
people in on who they really are, and discuss anything that may be lighthearted, or difficult and troublesome about there life. These teams show a 
great deal of empathy and emotional intelligence. These teams may engage in a lot of side converation that has nothing to do with the project at hand,
but because everyone was able to release themselves, its easy for them to be on one accord, and strive toward a common goal. 

Overall, there are a lot of things that may be optimized for performance. Emotionality, and interpersonality cannot be optimized. The best teams aren't 
made up of a thinktank of super genuises, but of people who can come together and be human with each other in a safe enviornment. 
