HTML Media

Using Images In HTML. Read Common Image Types and Choosing Image Formats.

1. What is a real world use case for the alt attribute being used in a website?
  The alt attribute is for accesibility. Allows people, who for whatever reason, may not be able to se an image on a webpage, 
  get text content for what the image is, or for a reader to read what the image would be, for blind people.
  
2. How can you improve accessibility of images in an HTML document?
  Add alt text. Avoid text in images. 

3. Provide an example of when the figure element would be useful in an HTML document.
  When its needed to semantically oraganize the content of things such as images onto a webpage. Its a semantic container for figures, 
  and can clearly link the figure to a caption for greater accesability. 

4. Describe the difference between a gif image and an svg image, pretend you are explaining to an elder in your community.
  A gif uses pixels, which are small blokcs of color to create an image. You put a lot of them together, at different places to create an image. 
  An svg uses math formulas to create an image. It can be scaled up and down, and the image will still look the same, because it is being put 
  together with math. A gif may become distorted at different sizes, because you 

5. What image type would you use to display a screenshot on your website and why?
  I would use a jpeg. It is a smaller file size, and is commonly used for such images. 

Learn CSS

Using Color in CSS. Styling HTML Text Elements

1. Describe the difference between foreground and background colors of an HTML element, pretend you are talking to someone with no technical knowledge.
  Foreground color is used to color whats "on" an image, such as it's text. Background color is used to color whats behind the image, i.e. the 
  background. 

2. Your friend asks you to give his colorless blog website a touch up. How would you use color to give his blog some character?
  I would figure out what the focus on his blog was. The figure out what colors would go with the theme. Make sure I'm using complimentary colors
  and there are no contradictions, or things that will get lost or be hard to read.

3. What should you consider when choosing fonts for an HTML document?
  You should consider what color you would want the font to use. Also, whether the font is web safe or not. If using a specialized font, what would you
  like for other browsers to default to if the font is availabe, i.e."backup font".
  
4. What do font-size, font-weight, and font-style do to HTML text elements?
  Font-size, changes the actual size of the font. Font-style, is used to turn italic on or off. Font-weight is used to make content bold or not. 

5 .Describe two ways you could add spacing around the characters displayed in an h1 element.
  You could adjust the letter-spacing, and or word-spacing. 
